<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
      
    <h:head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="default.css"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="cssLayout.css"/>
        <title>Labanoro draugai</title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.min.js"></script>
        <div id="top" class="top">
            <ui:insert name="top">Labanoro draugai</ui:insert>
        </div>

        <script>
  window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
    FB.init({
      appId      : '876888315753324',
      xfbml      : true,
      version    : 'v2.5'
    });
  };

  (function(d, s, id){
     var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
     if (d.getElementById(id)) {return;}
     js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
     js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
     fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
   }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
</script>
              
        <script>
  // This is called with the results from from FB.getLoginStatus().
  function checkLoginStatus(response) {
    console.log('statusChangeCallback');
    console.log(response);
    // The response object is returned with a status field that lets the
    // app know the current login status of the person.
    // Full docs on the response object can be found in the documentation
    // for FB.getLoginStatus().
    if (response.status === 'connected') {
      // Logged into your app and Facebook.
      return true;
      FB.api('/me', function(response) {
    console.log(JSON.stringify(response));
});
    } else if (response.status === 'not_authorized') {
      // The person is logged into Facebook, but not your app.
      return false;
    } else {
      // The person is not logged into Facebook, so we're not sure if
      // they are logged into this app or not.
      return false;
    }
  }
</script>
      
        <script>
  // This function is called when someone finishes with the Login
  // Button.  See the onlogin handler attached to it in the sample
  // code below.

  window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
  FB.init({
    appId      : '876888315753324',
    cookie     : true,  // enable cookies to allow the server to access 
                        // the session
    xfbml      : true,  // parse social plugins on this page
    version    : 'v2.5' // use graph api version 2.5
  });

  // Now that we've initialized the JavaScript SDK, we call 
  // FB.getLoginStatus().  This function gets the state of the
  // person visiting this page and can return one of three states to
  // the callback you provide.  They can be:
  //
  // 1. Logged into your app ('connected')
  // 2. Logged into Facebook, but not your app ('not_authorized')
  // 3. Not logged into Facebook and can't tell if they are logged into
  //    your app or not.
  //
  // These three cases are handled in the callback function.

  };
  // Load the SDK asynchronously
  (function(d, s, id) {
    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
    js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
    js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
  }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));



  // Here we run a very simple test of the Graph API after login is
  // successful.  See statusChangeCallback() for when this call is made.
  function tryLogin() {
    FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
    if(!checkLoginStatus(response))
    {
         FB.login(function(response) {
         if(checkLoginStatus(response))
        {
            var idm= response.authResponse.userID;
          $(function(){                                                                                                         
                var dataString ={id: idm};
                console.log(dataString);
                $.ajax({
                    type: "POST",
                    url: "LoginServlet",
                    data: dataString,
                    success: function(data){  
                        console.log('Add');
                        $('body').html(data);
                    }
                });  

            });
        }
    });
    }
  });
  }
  function tryLogOut() {
    FB.getLoginStatus(function(response) {
    if(checkLoginStatus(response))
    {
         FB.logout();
    }
  });
  }
  
  
</script>
        <div id="content" class="center_content">
            <button id="logInButton" onclick="tryLogin()">Press to login</button>
            <button onclick="tryLogOut()" value="mainPage">Press to logout</button>
        </div>
        <div id ="hello">
            
        </div>
        
<!--
  Below we include the Login Button social plugin. This button uses
  the JavaScript SDK to present a graphical Login button that triggers
  the FB.login() function when clicked.
-->


        
    </h:body>
</html>

